README.md, before:

# Best Books Front-end

**Authors**: Peter Staker && Chris Gantt
**Version**: 1.2.0

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log

03-29-2021 1:59pm - Application now has 0Auth authentication enabled

03-30-2021 4:51pm - Application now connects to backend and requests data about user's favorite books

## Credit and Collaborations

### Logistical

What hours will you be available to communicate?

1pm-6pm PST

What platform will you use to communicate (ie. Slack, phone …)?

Slack

How often will you take breaks?

Hourly - as needed

What is your plan if you start to fall behind?

Extend working hours - reach out TAs

### Cooperative

Make a list of each parson’s strengths.

Chris - Technical aptitude, problem solving, solid understanding of concepts

Peter - Technical aptitude, problem solving, solid understanding of concepts

How can you best utilize these strengths in the development of your application?

We will use our combined knowledge and understanding of the technologies we're using to develop our application.

In what areas do you each want to develop greater strength?

Chris - wants to improve knowledge of JavaScript syntax

Peter - collaboration and pair programming

Knowing that every person in your team needs to understand the code, how do you plan to approach the day-to-day development?

If one of us doesn't fully understand something, we will take the time to solidify our understanding

### Conflict Resolution

What will your team do if one person is pulling all the weight while the other person is not contributing?

Talk about it

What will your team do if one person is taking over the project and not letting the other member contribute?

Bring it to the attention of the other member and try to reach a resolution

How will you approach each other and the challenge of building an application knowing that it is impossible for two people to be at the exact same place
in understanding and skill level?

We will take the time to ensure both of us have a solid understanding of concepts

## Time Estimates

Name of feature: Set Up Front-end Repository

Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 minutes

Start time: 12pm

Finish time: 12:30pm

Actual time needed to complete: 30 minutes

***

Name of feature: Authentication

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 1pm

Finish time: 1:58

Actual time needed to complete: 58min

***

Name of feature: Connected to Server

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hour

Start time: 1:45pm

Finish time: 3:43pm

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 58 min

***

Name of feature: Carousel Component

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 3:43pm

Finish time: 4:50pm

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 7 min

***

Name of feature: Create a book

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 1:30pm

Finish time: 2:30pm

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour

***

Name of feature: Delete a book

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 2:30pm

Finish time: 3:30pm

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour

Commit message:

users can now update books

README.md, after:

# Best Books Front-end

**Authors**: Peter Staker && Chris Gantt
**Version**: 1.3.0

## Overview

This is a MERN web application that allows users to create, read, update and delete their favorite books.

## Getting Started

1. Clone or Fork both backend and frontend repositories.

1. npm install dependencies

1. start server using npm start, nodemon or node server.js

1. start frontend with npm start

## Architecture

Full Stack CRUD application built with JS, Auth0, React, React-bootstrap, Express, MongoDB, Mongoose, Axios, SuperAgent and Node.js.

## Change Log

03-29-2021 1:59pm - Application now has 0Auth authentication enabled

03-30-2021 4:51pm - Application now connects to backend and requests data about user's favorite books

04-01-2021 1:45pm - Full stack CRUD Application complete

## Credit and Collaborations

Peter Staker && [Chris Gantt](https://github.com/ganttArt)

### Logistical

What hours will you be available to communicate?

1pm-6pm PST

What platform will you use to communicate (ie. Slack, phone …)?

Slack

How often will you take breaks?

Hourly - as needed

What is your plan if you start to fall behind?

Extend working hours - reach out TAs

### Cooperative

Make a list of each parson’s strengths.

Chris - Technical aptitude, problem solving, solid understanding of concepts

Peter - Technical aptitude, problem solving, solid understanding of concepts

How can you best utilize these strengths in the development of your application?

We will use our combined knowledge and understanding of the technologies we're using to develop our application.

In what areas do you each want to develop greater strength?

Chris - wants to improve knowledge of JavaScript syntax

Peter - collaboration and pair programming

Knowing that every person in your team needs to understand the code, how do you plan to approach the day-to-day development?

If one of us doesn't fully understand something, we will take the time to solidify our understanding

### Conflict Resolution

What will your team do if one person is pulling all the weight while the other person is not contributing?

Talk about it

What will your team do if one person is taking over the project and not letting the other member contribute?

Bring it to the attention of the other member and try to reach a resolution

How will you approach each other and the challenge of building an application knowing that it is impossible for two people to be at the exact same place
in understanding and skill level?

We will take the time to ensure both of us have a solid understanding of concepts

## Time Estimates

Name of feature: Set Up Front-end Repository

Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 minutes

Start time: 12pm

Finish time: 12:30pm

Actual time needed to complete: 30 minutes

***

Name of feature: Authentication

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 1pm

Finish time: 1:58

Actual time needed to complete: 58min

***

Name of feature: Connected to Server

Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hour

Start time: 1:45pm

Finish time: 3:43pm

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 58 min

***

Name of feature: Carousel Component

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 3:43pm

Finish time: 4:50pm

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 7 min

***

Name of feature: Create a book

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 1:30pm

Finish time: 2:30pm

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour

***

Name of feature: Delete a book

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 2:30pm

Finish time: 3:30pm

Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour

***

Name of feature: Update

Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour

Start time: 1pm

Finish time: 1:45pm

Actual time needed to complete: 45 minutes
